in the 25th year of our captivity at the
in the 25th year of our captivity at the beginning of the year on the tenth day
beginning of the year on the tenth day
beginning of the year on the tenth day of the month in the 14th year after the
of the month in the 14th year after the
of the month in the 14th year after the city was captured on the very same day
city was captured on the very same day
city was captured on the very same day the hand of the Lord was upon me and he
the hand of the Lord was upon me and he
the hand of the Lord was upon me and he took me there in the visions of God he
took me there in the visions of God he
took me there in the visions of God he took me into the land of Israel
took me into the land of Israel
took me into the land of Israel and sent me on a very high mountain on
and sent me on a very high mountain on
and sent me on a very high mountain on it toward the south was something like
it toward the south was something like
it toward the south was something like the structure of a city he took me there
the structure of a city he took me there
the structure of a city he took me there and behold there was a man whose
and behold there was a man whose
and behold there was a man whose appearance was like the appearance of
appearance was like the appearance of
appearance was like the appearance of bronze he had a line of flocks and a
bronze he had a line of flocks and a
bronze he had a line of flocks and a measuring rod in his hand and he stood
measuring rod in his hand and he stood
measuring rod in his hand and he stood in the Gateway and the man said to me
in the Gateway and the man said to me
in the Gateway and the man said to me son of man look with your eyes and hear
son of man look with your eyes and hear
son of man look with your eyes and hear with your ears and fix your mind on
with your ears and fix your mind on
with your ears and fix your mind on everything I show you for you were
everything I show you for you were
everything I show you for you were brought here so that I might show them
brought here so that I might show them
brought here so that I might show them to
to
to declare to the house of Israel
declare to the house of Israel
declare to the house of Israel everything you see
everything you see
everything you see [Music]
[Music]
[Music] now there was a wall all around the
now there was a wall all around the
now there was a wall all around the outside of the temple in the man's hand
outside of the temple in the man's hand
outside of the temple in the man's hand was a measuring rod six cubits long each
was a measuring rod six cubits long each
was a measuring rod six cubits long each being a cubit and a hand breadth and he
being a cubit and a hand breadth and he
being a cubit and a hand breadth and he measured the width of the walls
measured the width of the walls
measured the width of the walls structure one rod and the height one rod
structure one rod and the height one rod
structure one rod and the height one rod and then he went to the Gateway which
and then he went to the Gateway which
and then he went to the Gateway which faced east and he went up its stairs and
faced east and he went up its stairs and
faced east and he went up its stairs and measured the threshold of the gateways
measured the threshold of the gateways
measured the threshold of the gateways which was one rod wide and the other
which was one rod wide and the other
which was one rod wide and the other threshold was one rod wide each gate
threshold was one rod wide each gate
threshold was one rod wide each gate chamber was one rod long and one rod
chamber was one rod long and one rod
chamber was one rod long and one rod wide between the gate chambers was a
wide between the gate chambers was a
wide between the gate chambers was a space of five cubits and the threshold
space of five cubits and the threshold
space of five cubits and the threshold of the gateway by the vestibule of the
of the gateway by the vestibule of the
of the gateway by the vestibule of the inside gate was one rod he also measured
inside gate was one rod he also measured
inside gate was one rod he also measured the vestibule of the inside gate one rod
the vestibule of the inside gate one rod
the vestibule of the inside gate one rod then he measured the vestibule of the
then he measured the vestibule of the
then he measured the vestibule of the gateway eight cubits and the gateposts
gateway eight cubits and the gateposts
gateway eight cubits and the gateposts two cubits the vestibule of the gate was
two cubits the vestibule of the gate was
two cubits the vestibule of the gate was on the inside
on the inside
on the inside in the Eastern Gateway there were three
in the Eastern Gateway there were three
in the Eastern Gateway there were three gate chambers on one side and three on
gate chambers on one side and three on
gate chambers on one side and three on the other the three were all the same
the other the three were all the same
the other the three were all the same size also the gate posts were of the
size also the gate posts were of the
size also the gate posts were of the same size on this side and that side
same size on this side and that side
same size on this side and that side he measured the width of the entrance to
he measured the width of the entrance to
he measured the width of the entrance to the Gateway
the Gateway
the Gateway 10 cubits and the length of the gate 13
10 cubits and the length of the gate 13
10 cubits and the length of the gate 13 cubits there was a space in front of the
cubits there was a space in front of the
cubits there was a space in front of the gate chambers one cubit on this side and
gate chambers one cubit on this side and
gate chambers one cubit on this side and one cubit on that side the gate chambers
one cubit on that side the gate chambers
one cubit on that side the gate chambers were six cubits on this side and six
were six cubits on this side and six
were six cubits on this side and six cubits on that side then he measured the
cubits on that side then he measured the
cubits on that side then he measured the gateway from the roof of one gate
gateway from the roof of one gate
gateway from the roof of one gate chamber to the roof of the other the
chamber to the roof of the other the
chamber to the roof of the other the width was twenty five cubits as door
width was twenty five cubits as door
width was twenty five cubits as door phases door he measured the gate posts
phases door he measured the gate posts
phases door he measured the gate posts sixty cubits high and the court all
sixty cubits high and the court all
sixty cubits high and the court all around the Gateway extended to the gate
around the Gateway extended to the gate
around the Gateway extended to the gate post from the front of the entrance gate
post from the front of the entrance gate
post from the front of the entrance gate to the front of the vestibule of the
to the front of the vestibule of the
to the front of the vestibule of the inner gate was fifty cubits
inner gate was fifty cubits
inner gate was fifty cubits there were beveled window frames in the
there were beveled window frames in the
there were beveled window frames in the gate chambers and in their intervening
gate chambers and in their intervening
gate chambers and in their intervening archways on the inside of the gateway
archways on the inside of the gateway
archways on the inside of the gateway all around and likewise in the
all around and likewise in the
all around and likewise in the vestibules there were windows all around
vestibules there were windows all around
vestibules there were windows all around on the inside and on each gate post were
on the inside and on each gate post were
on the inside and on each gate post were palm trees then he brought me into the
palm trees then he brought me into the
palm trees then he brought me into the outer court and there were chambers and
outer court and there were chambers and
outer court and there were chambers and a pavement made all around the court
a pavement made all around the court
a pavement made all around the court 30 chambers face the pavement the
30 chambers face the pavement the
30 chambers face the pavement the pavement was by the side of the gateways
pavement was by the side of the gateways
pavement was by the side of the gateways corresponding to the length of the
corresponding to the length of the
corresponding to the length of the gateways this was the lower pavement
gateways this was the lower pavement
gateways this was the lower pavement then he measured the width from the
then he measured the width from the
then he measured the width from the front of the lower gateway to the front
front of the lower gateway to the front
front of the lower gateway to the front of the inner court exterior 100 cubits
of the inner court exterior 100 cubits
of the inner court exterior 100 cubits toward the east and the north on the
toward the east and the north on the
toward the east and the north on the outer Court was also a gateway facing
outer Court was also a gateway facing
outer Court was also a gateway facing north and he measured its length and its
north and he measured its length and its
north and he measured its length and its width its gate chambers 3 on this side
width its gate chambers 3 on this side
width its gate chambers 3 on this side and three on that side its gate posts
and three on that side its gate posts
and three on that side its gate posts and its archways had the same
and its archways had the same
and its archways had the same measurements as the first gate its
measurements as the first gate its
measurements as the first gate its length was 50 cubits and its width 25
length was 50 cubits and its width 25
length was 50 cubits and its width 25 cubits its windows and those of its
cubits its windows and those of its
cubits its windows and those of its archways and also its palm trees had the
archways and also its palm trees had the
archways and also its palm trees had the same measurements as the Gateway facing
same measurements as the Gateway facing
same measurements as the Gateway facing east
east
east it was ascended by seven steps and its
it was ascended by seven steps and its
it was ascended by seven steps and its archway was in front of it a gate of the
archway was in front of it a gate of the
archway was in front of it a gate of the inner court was opposite the Northern
inner court was opposite the Northern
inner court was opposite the Northern Gateway just as the eastern gateway and
Gateway just as the eastern gateway and
Gateway just as the eastern gateway and he measured from gateway to gateway 100
he measured from gateway to gateway 100
he measured from gateway to gateway 100 cubits after that he brought me toward
cubits after that he brought me toward
cubits after that he brought me toward the south and there a gateway was facing
the south and there a gateway was facing
the south and there a gateway was facing south and he measured its gate posts and
south and he measured its gate posts and
south and he measured its gate posts and archways according to these same
archways according to these same
archways according to these same measurements there were windows in it
measurements there were windows in it
measurements there were windows in it and in its archways all around like
and in its archways all around like
and in its archways all around like those windows its length was 50 cubits
those windows its length was 50 cubits
those windows its length was 50 cubits and its width 25 cubits seven steps led
and its width 25 cubits seven steps led
and its width 25 cubits seven steps led up to it and its archway was in front of
up to it and its archway was in front of
up to it and its archway was in front of them and it had palm trees on its gate
them and it had palm trees on its gate
them and it had palm trees on its gate posts
posts
posts one on this side and one on that side
one on this side and one on that side
one on this side and one on that side there was also a gateway on the inner
there was also a gateway on the inner
there was also a gateway on the inner court facing south and he measured from
court facing south and he measured from
court facing south and he measured from gateway the Gateway toward the South 100
gateway the Gateway toward the South 100
gateway the Gateway toward the South 100 cubits then he brought me to the inner
cubits then he brought me to the inner
cubits then he brought me to the inner court through the southern gateway he
court through the southern gateway he
court through the southern gateway he measured the southern gateway according
measured the southern gateway according
measured the southern gateway according to these same measurements also its gate
to these same measurements also its gate
to these same measurements also its gate chambers its gate posts and it's
chambers its gate posts and it's
chambers its gate posts and it's archways were according to these same
archways were according to these same
archways were according to these same measurements there were windows in it
measurements there were windows in it
measurements there were windows in it and in its archways all around it was 50
and in its archways all around it was 50
and in its archways all around it was 50 cubits long and 25 cubits wide there
cubits long and 25 cubits wide there
cubits long and 25 cubits wide there were archways all around 25 cubits long
were archways all around 25 cubits long
were archways all around 25 cubits long and five cubits wide its archways face
and five cubits wide its archways face
and five cubits wide its archways face the outer court palm trees were on its
the outer court palm trees were on its
the outer court palm trees were on its gate posts and going up to it were eight
gate posts and going up to it were eight
gate posts and going up to it were eight steps and he brought me into the inner
steps and he brought me into the inner
steps and he brought me into the inner court facing east he measured the
court facing east he measured the
court facing east he measured the gateway according to these same
gateway according to these same
gateway according to these same measurements also its gate chambers its
measurements also its gate chambers its
measurements also its gate chambers its gate posts and its archways were
gate posts and its archways were
gate posts and its archways were according to these same measurements and
according to these same measurements and
according to these same measurements and there were windows in it and in its
there were windows in it and in its
there were windows in it and in its archways all around it was 50 cubits
archways all around it was 50 cubits
archways all around it was 50 cubits long and 25 cubits wide its archways
long and 25 cubits wide its archways
long and 25 cubits wide its archways face the outer court and palm trees were
face the outer court and palm trees were
face the outer court and palm trees were on its gate posts on this side and on
on its gate posts on this side and on
on its gate posts on this side and on that side and going up to it were eight
that side and going up to it were eight
that side and going up to it were eight steps then he brought me to the North
steps then he brought me to the North
steps then he brought me to the North gateway and measured it according to
gateway and measured it according to
gateway and measured it according to these same measurements also its gate
these same measurements also its gate
these same measurements also its gate chambers its gate posts and its archways
chambers its gate posts and its archways
chambers its gate posts and its archways it had windows all around its length was
it had windows all around its length was
it had windows all around its length was 50 cubits and its width 25 cubits
50 cubits and its width 25 cubits
50 cubits and its width 25 cubits it's gateposts face the outer court palm
it's gateposts face the outer court palm
it's gateposts face the outer court palm trees were on its gateposts on this side
trees were on its gateposts on this side
trees were on its gateposts on this side and on that side and going up to it were
and on that side and going up to it were
and on that side and going up to it were eight steps there was a chamber and its
eight steps there was a chamber and its
eight steps there was a chamber and its entrance by the gateposts of the Gateway
entrance by the gateposts of the Gateway
entrance by the gateposts of the Gateway where they washed the burnt offering in
where they washed the burnt offering in
where they washed the burnt offering in the vestibule of the Gateway were two
the vestibule of the Gateway were two
the vestibule of the Gateway were two tables on this side and two tables on
tables on this side and two tables on
tables on this side and two tables on that side on which to slay the burnt
that side on which to slay the burnt
that side on which to slay the burnt offering the sin offering and the
offering the sin offering and the
offering the sin offering and the trespass offering at the outer side of
trespass offering at the outer side of
trespass offering at the outer side of the vestibule as one goes up to the
the vestibule as one goes up to the
the vestibule as one goes up to the entrance of the Northern Gateway were
entrance of the Northern Gateway were
entrance of the Northern Gateway were two tables and on the other side of the
two tables and on the other side of the
two tables and on the other side of the vestibule of the gateway or two tables
vestibule of the gateway or two tables
vestibule of the gateway or two tables four tables were on this side and four
four tables were on this side and four
four tables were on this side and four tables on that side by the side of the
tables on that side by the side of the
tables on that side by the side of the Gateway eight tables on which they
Gateway eight tables on which they
Gateway eight tables on which they slaughtered the sacrifices there were
slaughtered the sacrifices there were
slaughtered the sacrifices there were also four tables of hewn stone for the
also four tables of hewn stone for the
also four tables of hewn stone for the burnt offering one cubit and a half long
burnt offering one cubit and a half long
burnt offering one cubit and a half long one cubit and a half wide and one cubit
one cubit and a half wide and one cubit
one cubit and a half wide and one cubit high on these they laid the instruments
high on these they laid the instruments
high on these they laid the instruments with which they slaughtered the burnt
with which they slaughtered the burnt
with which they slaughtered the burnt offering and the sacrifice inside were
offering and the sacrifice inside were
offering and the sacrifice inside were hooks a handbreadth wide fastened all
hooks a handbreadth wide fastened all
hooks a handbreadth wide fastened all around and the flesh of the sacrifices
around and the flesh of the sacrifices
around and the flesh of the sacrifices was on the tables outside the inner gate
was on the tables outside the inner gate
was on the tables outside the inner gate were the chambers for the singers in the
were the chambers for the singers in the
were the chambers for the singers in the inner court one facing south at the side
inner court one facing south at the side
inner court one facing south at the side of the Northern Gateway and the other
of the Northern Gateway and the other
of the Northern Gateway and the other facing north at the side of the southern
facing north at the side of the southern
facing north at the side of the southern gateway then he said to me
gateway then he said to me
gateway then he said to me this chamber which faces south is for
this chamber which faces south is for
this chamber which faces south is for the priests who have charged the temple
the priests who have charged the temple
the priests who have charged the temple the chamber which faces north is for the
the chamber which faces north is for the
the chamber which faces north is for the priests who have charge of the altar
priests who have charge of the altar
priests who have charge of the altar these are the sons of Zadok from the
these are the sons of Zadok from the
these are the sons of Zadok from the sons of levi who come near the Lord to
sons of levi who come near the Lord to
sons of levi who come near the Lord to minister to him and he measured the
minister to him and he measured the
minister to him and he measured the courts 100 cubits long and 100 cubits
courts 100 cubits long and 100 cubits
courts 100 cubits long and 100 cubits wide Foursquare the altar was in the
wide Foursquare the altar was in the
wide Foursquare the altar was in the front of the temple then he brought me
front of the temple then he brought me
front of the temple then he brought me to the vestibule of the temple and
to the vestibule of the temple and
to the vestibule of the temple and measured the doorposts of the vestibule
measured the doorposts of the vestibule
measured the doorposts of the vestibule five cubits on this side and five cubits
five cubits on this side and five cubits
five cubits on this side and five cubits on that side and the width of the
on that side and the width of the
on that side and the width of the Gateway was three cubits on this side
Gateway was three cubits on this side
Gateway was three cubits on this side and three cubits on that side the length
and three cubits on that side the length
and three cubits on that side the length of the vestibule was 20 cubits and the
of the vestibule was 20 cubits and the
of the vestibule was 20 cubits and the width 11 cubits and by the steps which
width 11 cubits and by the steps which
width 11 cubits and by the steps which led up to it there were pillars by the
led up to it there were pillars by the
led up to it there were pillars by the doorposts one on this side and another
doorposts one on this side and another
doorposts one on this side and another on that side